Add beanstalkd scaler docs (#1454)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.16/scalers/beanstalkd.md

+++
title = "Beanstalkd"
availability = "v2.16+"
maintainer = "Community"
description = "Scale applications based on beanstalkd queues"
go_file = "beanstalkd_scaler"
+++

### Trigger Specification

This specification describes the `beanstalkd` trigger that scales based on the number of jobs in a Beanstalkd queue.

```yaml
triggers:
  - type: beanstalkd
    metadata:
      server: beanstalkd.internal-namespace:11300
      includeDelayed: "false"
      tube: "default"
      activationValue: "10"
      value: "15"
      timeout: "30"

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
nit

```

**Parameter list:**

- `server` - Address of beanstalkd server `<host>:<port>`. If no port is specified then the scaler will default to `11300`.
- `includeDelayed` - Whether to include delayed jobs in the count used for scaling. Defaults to false so only `ready` and `reserved` jobs are counted.
- `tube` - Name of the tube to scale on.
- `activationValue` - Target value for activating the scaler. Learn more about activation [here](./../concepts/scaling-deployments.md#activating-and-scaling-thresholds). (Default: `0`, Optional, This value can be a float)
- `value` - Number of jobs in the queue to trigger on. Defaults to `ready`+`reserved` jobs if `includeDelayed` isn't set.

> - `timeout` - Timeout in seconds for establishing a connection to the beanstalkd server. Defaults to 30.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `timeout` - Timeout in seconds for establishing a connection to the beanstalkd server. (Default: `30`, Optional)
```
